hi guys! as you can tell
obviously by the title is that
this video will be showing you how to go from
dark hair to red hair
and obviously um... I'm not the one that went red
it's actually one of my younger cousins
who let me dye her hair red
um all the materials and pricing
and where I got them from will be listed in the bottom description box so make sure to look
there
if you still have some questions or concerns or whatever um
make sure to leave a comment to let me know and I will try to respond as soon as possible
other than that enjoy!
ok guys as you can see here
I had already
divided her hair in 4 sections, It just really helps making sure
you get all her hair throughout the head evenly
but anyways start applying the dye from the tips all the way up to the roots
um you'll keep repeating this process throughout her whole head
here what you see is I had already
finished adding the red hair dye to all 4 sections
all I'm doing is making sure the hair line is all
touched up and even
after you are done with that just
wrap up your hair and clip it up
and if you have a plastic cap that will work
perfectly
but if you don't
don't worry a plastic bag will work just as fine
so what you do with the plastic bag
is just wrap it around your head
and tie it up
and what this does is help create heat
which helps the dying process
go a little bit better